Strap yourself in for another banger. I
sit down with Chris Davis of Davis
Funds. Uh the firm manages over 20
billion dollars. He's been uh affiliated
with the firm which his father launched
in 1969
and it has been more or less
outperforming the S&P practically since
inception. Um not only was Charlie
Munger his mentor, he sits on the board
of directors of Coca-Cola and Birkshire
Hathaway. The conversation was
fascinating. There's nothing left to say
but my sitdown with Davis Funds Chris
Davis.
Chris Davis, welcome to Bloomberg.
>> It's so always good to be with you.
Thank you so much.
>> So before we get into
your career,
master's degree with honors from the
University of St. Andrews in Scotland.
Like, how did that come about?
>> Well, and and one of the things that
confuses people is I actually don't have
an undergraduate degree. I only have the
master's degree. I sort of skipped that
that middle step.
>> Did you Did you go to an undergraduate
college?
>> Well, what happened is I went to St.
Andrews. I had originally only intended
to go for a year. I I wanted to be a
veterinarian. That's that's a long side
story. And I I had worked at the Bronx
Zoo.
Humane Society.
>> So the original plan wasn't dad's a fund
manager, grandfa's a grant fund manager.
I guess I'm going to be a go into the
family business. That was not the plan.
>> Definitely not. But but I give both of
them credit. They you know that they
felt that all of their kids should be
financially literate. And so every kid
worked uh for my father or for my
grandfather at some point and learned
because they just felt like look you
you'll have money over time. It's not
taught in schools. Just the basic
fundamentals of investing. And if you
God help you turn on the TV, you're
going to get a totally distorted view of
what investing of nonsense
>> exactly. And so we all had this
grounding. But you know, for example, my
my smartest sibling uh without question
is my my sister, my younger sister. Um
and but she's a small town doctor, but
boy does she she understands investing.
She's very thoughtful in how she's
managed her financial affairs. So, we
owed that route, but we all thought we
were going different paths. She was
interested in medicine. I was interested
in veterinary medicine. And so, I was
going to go to Cornell. And uh I was
very young for my high school class. And
I was very late hitting puberty. I mean,
I I was five feet tall my senior year in
high school. That's when I broke five
feet.
>> So, you know that you can imagine uh
what this looked like. But but my scores
and grades were okay. And so Cornell
took me into their prevet program.
>> But the woman that ran it said, "Look,
this is a seven-year program. It's
intense. Why don't you take a year off,
like a gap year?"
>> So I proposed that to my father. He
said, "We don't do that in our family."
Like you you could go study, but there
is no like year off like to go ski or
find yourself. Did you skip a grade or
you like me the back of like October,
November, December. So you're young
relative to the rest.
>> No, I had I had skipped a grade sort of
early because I bizarly I didn't Nobody
in my family believes this now, but I
didn't talk until quite late.
>> So they had sort of and then when I
started talking they they jumped me up
for the
>> and exact it never stopped since then.
Right. But anyway, so I had this year
period and it was the first year that
the University of St. Andrews was
interested in taking direct applications
from students that where they dropped
the requirement to have A levels or O
levels, the sort of British entry exams,
mostly because they wanted the Yankee
dollar. You've got to remember Thatcher
had just become prime minister. She was
slashing the the public support of the
Scottish universities. So I applied.
There were I think eight of us uh
Americans in that came in that first
year and they had a program where after
two years you could apply into the
honors program which would allow you to
concentrate on just one subject and I I
ended up picking two. Uh but needless to
say what were the two?
>> It was philosophy and theology.
>> Huh. And very interesting. You know, I
had picked them my freshman year
thinking, well, when I go back to
Cornell, I'm going to be filled up with
organic chemistry and biology and
anatomy and so on. So, I may as well
pick things that I would never I'll
never get to study again. So, I picked
things like medieval history,
philosophy, theology.
>> I love that. That's something I always
in hindsight wish I did. And I started
out um physics and math and switched to
political science and philosophy. So, I
got to study some stuff that was fun,
but like mid uh medieval history sounds
like that would be
>> a delightful semester.
>> You use the perfect word fun. I mean, I
I had I I I became a good student in
high school. I wasn't a a good student.
In fact, recently I I found my
elementary school, my eighth grade final
report card. I went to a school here in
New York and it was a pretty strict, you
know, wear a uniform sort of boy school
and uh and the headmaster would review
each report card before it went to the
parents and then make a comment on the
bottom. And the headm's comment on my
final elementary school report card was
yet another semester of squandered
potential.
>> Not living up to his potential.
>> My god, my children.
>> My children found that. My mother gave
it to my children which was a big
problem you can imagine. But anyway, so
I thought I'll just be in Scotland for a
year. I picked subjects I would never
study again. They were so fun. It was
just it was
>> especially in Scotland studying medieval
history
>> in a medieval university and where Hume
had been a professor. I mean you know it
was just amazing. And of course it was
it's also a Presbyterian seminary. So uh
so St. Mary's which is one of the
colleges there. So I thought well you
know and I'm not it wasn't that I was a
deeply faithful sort of person. I more
thought of theology from the point of
view of you know people organized their
lives around religion. People die for
it. people, you know, I should study
this and and uh but I also there was a
secondary uh reason that I was
interested, which is if you look at
communities that have a religious
institution at their center, whether
they're rural, whether they're urban,
suburban, almost all outcomes are
better. You know, intact families, crime
rates, graduation rates, you know, all
of these sorts of statistics tend to go
better. So to me there was there's I was
lucky that I didn't I was never you know
didn't have one of those childhoods
where it was beaten into me or
something. So it was more this curiosity
about how it seemed to serve communities
to have a shared value system. Anyway, I
picked those subjects. I applied into
this honors program. So I was able to
get the masters at the end but there was
no undergraduate degree along the way.
So
>> and there was no going back to Cornell
to become a vet. No, that the order for
that fa faded.
>> Although because I deferred my admission
freshman year, I still get mailings from
their alumni department uh because I
metriculated but then uh deferred and uh
I'd like to think the development
department has nothing to do with my
them sending me these mailings, but uh
but I lived on a sheep farm in Scotland
and of course that was when I realized I
was confusing loving animals with
wanting to be a vet. And those are very
different things. Yeah, ve very much so.
I I'm always um as we used to foster
dogs um and get them adopted and anytime
I meet someone who was like, "Oh, I
really don't care for dogs." It's like,
>> "Oh, that's a big X." Done. We weren't
allowed to have dogs when I was a kid,
but uh I grew up right in the city East
84th Street. And uh but my parents from
the time I was in maybe third grade or
so, so what would that be? probably 9
years old or 8 years old, something like
that. Uh uh they said I could walk dog I
could be a dog walker provided I didn't
cross any street. So you know I'd put up
a notice in the elevator in their
building if anybody needed their dog
walk and then I would just walk the dogs
around the block before school and after
school. I can still remember the name of
every dog I walked which is amazing and
I loved it and of course it actually
became seed capital
>> which is unexpected but the reason was
you know I could probably charge 50
cents a walk back then so it was nothing
but I got to be with dogs and I enjoyed
it. It was like a paper.
>> You're running a small business. I had a
paper route and it was just so
formative.
>> So for and this was like a paper route
for city kids because you didn't
couldn't have a paper route in New York.
And but then an amazing thing happened.
New York City around 19 it would have to
be around 1977 or 78 passed the pooper
scooper law. remember
>> and everything changed because people
had these dogs with
>> they nobody even knew what to do that
they they had nobody had ever imagined
cleaning up after a dog. There were all
sorts of inventions, you know,
>> a bag. It's not people didn't, you know,
people were so gross. They had carry
shovels with them.
>> You change the diaper on the baby. How
this is ju it's just processed food.
There's no big deal. Well, for me it
meant that my rates could go from 50
cents to $5 and people were glad to pay
it. And instead of one or two dogs, I
had four or five. And it it was real
money because what it meant was I was
suddenly making, you know, $50 a week.
Uh $60 a week 10year-old. That's good.
That's good.
>> Yeah. And so you you start, you know,
thinking about, holy cow, you know, I'm
making $250 a month. uh you know I'm
making thousands of dollars a year and
it was just fantastic. So I I I've I've
loved dogs ever since.
>> So So let's talk a little bit about the
early days of the career. You start as
an accountant at State Street Bank and
and ultimately end up as a unglamorous
research analyst at Tanaka Capital
Management. The these are you know very
much bottom rung on the
>> Wall Street ladders. What what did you
learn in those days?
>> Well, it wasn't really my first job. My
first job uh was I uh became a a
pastoral assistant at the American
Cathedral in Paris. So, I lived I moved
from rural Scotland to Paris. Well, that
was like landing in Oz. You know, you
could honest to God you my eyes lit up.
Uh but again, in the same way that
living on the sheep farm convinced me I
was confusing loving animals with
wanting to be a vet, uh you know,
working for the American Cathedral
convinced me I was confusing loving
people, uh with wanting to, you know, be
a priest or something. Uh so I moved
from there to Boston
>> and I thought about [clears throat]
teaching. Uh I actually even applied to
the CIA because I was very interested in
research and international affairs. I'd
lived abroad then five years and I
thought it would be an amazing thing to
be the greatest expert on let's say
Czechoslovakia to learn the language,
the history, the people, the economics,
the business, the military, the
topography. And so I I didn't want to be
a spy but I wanted to be an analyst. And
uh the CIA wisely turned me down uh
having briefly had a stint in you know
sort of the workers revolutionary party
you know and
>> oh so you they they looked at your
history and said this guy's like this
[laughter] this needs to ripen a little
more.
>> We don't know if you have the ethical
malleability that we're looking for. But
I and so um you know I I started
thinking about the summers that I had
spent working with my dad and my
grandfather both of whom loved their
jobs. They loved investing. They loved
their career. And of course that was
infectious. Even as kids I thought the
idea of investing was so interesting
because they didn't highlight the math
to begin with. They highlighted the
stories, the people, the ideas. Um, and
but I realized that even though I've had
this study of sort of the idea of
businesses being made up of people and
ideas and and this sort of interest in
that, I had no grounding in in in the
rigor of it. And so what I like to say
is my, you know, my father and
grandfather, you know, let us live in a
foreign country like live in France for
some time and hear French spoken and see
this new culture. But and we did that
before we had to learn the grammar and
read the textbooks and so on. So they
got the order right for setting the hook
of curiosity. But I knew enough to know
that I I couldn't go into investing
without a real grounding. And of course,
a bank is perfect. And I got I mean, I
interviewed a lot of places. George
Putinham himself turned me down for a
job at Putinham. So, I had a lot of
rejects before uh and State Street Bank
had an a program for entry level
accountants and and you know, they had a
wonderful training program. And so I
they there had an operations center in
Quincy, Massachusetts, and I would take
the the red line down there. and and I
could do the my day job, but they would
also pay for all of any schooling you
wanted. They had something called uh uh
the State Street Institute, and you
could take courses in anything to do
with economics, accounting, business,
and so you took advantage.
>> I took advantage of that, though.
Although, I will say I was fooled by one
course. They had a course uh in their
catalog that was called the rules of
rhythmic touch. Now, I thought
>> that sounds like massage.
>> That sounds pretty good, right? I I
figured I circled that one in the little
course catalog. It was It was only a two
nights uh course. And uh I showed up and
it was the how to use a 10punch tape
calculator, you know, without looking at
your hands. So, you know, when you're
summing up a column, right,
>> is the rules of rhythmic touch. I would
say if you put one on this table now, I
I I would be conf I would bet you a
large sum of money I could run a column
of numbers faster than you. I [laughter]
>> I I'm gonna I'm going to defer on that
one.
>> But so that's so I got the grounding
there. Graham Tanaka uh was somebody I
had met during my summer jobs. Uh he was
a very talented analyst at uh uh
fiduciary trust. He'd been at JP Morgan
before and uh we'd sort of stayed in
touch and I learned that he was hanging
out his own shingle and starting his own
firm and uh he's a Japanese American
really a very you know driven talented
guy and uh he said he wanted an
apprentice and uh and you know it would
be everything I would be his first hire
and we would go from there and that was
a terrific experience. How long did you
stay at Tanaka?
>> I stayed there about two years. Uh, and
we stayed because what happened after
the first stretch is my grandfather who
I was close with when I went to work for
Tanaka, my grandfather opened up an
account at Tanaka because he thought
this was, you know, he he had big
investments in Japanese firms. He had a
lot of admiration for Japanese culture
values and and and he admired
>> late 70s early 80s.
>> This was late 80s now. So we're probably
in ' 89 something like 88. Yeah.
>> Well, but Graham was an a growth
investor primarily in the US and so he
just happened to have Japanese heritage.
Uh but so my grandfather opened an
account and as the time there progressed
uh my grandfather's was worried about
his his health failing. He loved the
business and he wanted to die at his
desk and so he started asking if I would
come in on the weekends and go through
his you know his accounts with him and
and uh and Graham of course was so
respectful of that and so it was sort of
a very gradual transition out. There
wasn't a a an end date of my time with
Graham so much as there was a start date
of my time working with my dad and
grandfather.
>> So your father launched Davis Advisors
in 1969.
>> Yeah.
>> And your grandfather was still running
his Davis investing shop.
>> Yeah.
>> Parallel. Did Did they ever end up
merging? What what what happened when
you decided, all right, it's you know
it's it's time. Well, my father was my
my grandfather's only son
>> and as often happens, they had a very
complicated relationship
>> and uh and so they never worked
together. They they my my father uh you
know grew up with this famous name uh
because your your numbers were right in
the beginning. It was $100,000 that he
borrowed from his wife's family.
>> It was 800 million when he died and it
was 2.2 two billion when his wife died.
>> Wow.
>> Uh and she was sort of the successor
trustee and then it all went to charity
after that. He didn't believe in
inheritance and but it was in trust for
her and she lived to be 106.
>> Wow. Although I will tell you I managed
her account and you know in in 2008
of course I had to go see her and we had
a lot of financial stocks and we had a
really bad mark at the bottom probably
down 40 or 50%. And I went to see her in
Florida and I said you know grant I just
I I want you to know the businesses are
sound you know we took some body blows
but you know in the long run it's going
to be fine. She said, "You idiot. I'm 98
years old. [laughter]
>> What do I care about?"
>> She said, "I don't buy green bananas and
you're you're telling me I I'm down
50%." And and go get back to work. So
she teased me because of course she
lived long enough to see it all come
back. And but we would all she would
always tease me about not buying green
bananas and my telling her she just had
to have a little bit of a longer term
perspective. Um but anyway, so my my my
grandfather built his firm which was
called Shelby Colum Davidson and
Company. My father built his which in
the beginning was called Davis Palmer
and Bigs. And uh and then the New York
Venture Fund was a client or a a fund
managed by Davis Palmer and Bigs. And um
and when I uh was working at Tanaka, I
went to a meeting. It was Chub
Insurance, you know, analyst day sort of
thing. And there weren't that many
analysts then. And so it was held around
a big sort of boardroom table and the
CEO was Dean O'Hare and he'd sit there
and say we at CH you know this he was it
was uh and uh and I looked around the
table and both my father and grandfather
were at the same meeting by chance
>> and uh and I thought this seems a little
nuts and uh uh and so you know I spoke
to them both uh because I was very close
with them both and you know one of the
things my father was very clear on is he
wanted out at age 60. He said, "I'm not
really." Yep.
>> Your age.
>> Yeah. Hard stop.
>> And here was my grandfather at the time,
and he was probably in his
>> late 80s,
>> early 80s, probably then.
>> And uh and he said, you know, I I want
to die at my desk. I mean, he he was the
one that called investing the best game
in town. He would say, "This is the best
game in town." He loved his firm. He
loved uh now his firm most of it was his
own capital.
>> And so in a way he was just managing his
own but he loved being in the flow. He
loved in a way my my grandfather loved
being a great man. You know he had
served as an ambassador. He had was a
co-founder of the Heritage Foundation
and chairman for a long time. He had
very conservative political views
although that was slightly different
organization 25 years ago than it is
now. Um, but he was a passionate Reagan
Republican and sort of a Hoover
Institute sort of Republican and his
namesake Shelby Cullum was you know a
Republican senator and governor under
Lincoln. So I mean you know he it was it
was in him deep and um so he loved the
game and it wouldn't have occurred to
him to stop working. My my father loved
investing but he did not like the
responsibility of the business. He
didn't like boards and clients and you
know employees. That was not his thing.
He was much more uh uh wonderful human
being but very different than my
grandfather. So he wanted out before he
turned 60. My grandfather wanted to die
at his desk. And I thought well here I
am. I don't know what I am at the time
26 or something. And I was like, well,
here's a great idea. Why don't we merge
the companies and then I'll come in and,
you know, I'll learn from both of you.
And uh I was an SNL and a banking
analyst then. And of course, this was
going right into the teeth of the SNL
crisis. So, it was an exciting time to
invest. And then, uh, you know, we'll
we'll figure out a way for the three of
us to do this.
>> And how long did it take for that to all
come together? I think my grandfather uh
my father turned 60 in 1997
1998 somewhere like that and my
grandfather died
>> 86 886
something like that you know don't quiz
me [laughter]
>> and uh uh and then my grandfather died
uh in uh let's see 1994
so I' I'd have to say he was 86 or 87
seven when he died. And um so in a way
the timing all sort of over overlapped
beautifully. And so my grandfather
worked almost to the end. U my father
helped coach me through that transition
and then he walked out the door in 1998
and and that was that. And wow,
>> he's been an incredible mentor. He's
always available to talk. But as he
said, I'm here to give you advice. I'm
not giving any orders. and he didn't sit
on our boards, didn't, you know, he just
he just uh uh walked out and and just
like my grandfather started giving his
money away and he he's you know, he he
created and and overseas the largest
international scholarship program on
earth. Really? Yeah. I I know there's a
foundation. I I haven't read the book,
>> but online there's John Rothschild, who
was I think Peter Lynch's co-author,
>> the the Davis Dynasty. How
>> um
odd is it to have like, hey, you know,
the story the game isn't over and you're
you're writing this book. H how odd is
it to be part of a book like that? Well,
you know, first it's probably a book
read by dozens of people nationwide
because remember it is the riveting
biography of the dean of insurance
stocks. So, it's not, you know, that's a
pretty narrow narrow pool.
>> Not not a not a hot seller yourself.
>> And uh I I do think I experienced the
the writing of that book as you sort of
terrifying, you know, really. Yeah.
because it was
>> lot to live up to a lot a lot to live up
to and I will say it's it's something
that I'm you know just profoundly
grateful to my dad well really to both
of them but my dad was is a very humble
person and you know when you in that
book it is you know 90% about my
grandfather and and my dad was you know
sort of what I would call a quiet doer
he loved investing he loved research
but he was very lowp profofile
>> and so his view was very much that
despite the sort of graphic title this
is really a book about his father and
and I think that that's true and in fact
uh when we uh uh at our firm we made
slim down versions of that book and
called it the Davis discipline instead
which was much more consistent with our
sort of view of life uh because you know
da d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d
d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d
dy implies sort of dynastic well it
implies inheritance
>> and there's no inheritance
>> and there was that was there's none of
that
>> which I I would imagine people would be
surprised to learn
>> yeah and it's funny it it's it it's not
something I'm quite as fanatic about um
>> well Warren Buffett is a big believer in
hey if you give your kids um you should
give your kids enough I know I'm going
to mangle this give them enough money so
they could do anything but not so much
money that they can do nothing.
>> You didn't mangle it, you stuck the
landing. That's exact and that is
exactly the right philosoph. And I would
say you know my father, my grandfather
sort of believed that. I mean I I have
siblings that you know uh uh where you
know they they were helped out and you
know I had an aunt you know that uh that
my my grandfather left some money to to
ensure that she and her kids would be
all right and so on. So it wasn't
ruthless. Um and I think but I think
there was it came from a place of sort
of compassion. I mean this sort of view
that you know there's something
dignified about earning your way in the
world. And um and uh uh I think there's
you know the idea of wanting
well look Barry let's I mean if you look
at the greater world there's a lot of
fear and and fear can be a motivator but
god is it a wait to you know people live
you know one operation away from
bankruptcy or you know a layoff away
from being foreclosed on that is it I
mean if you as a parent can put a safety
net if our society doesn't. If you as a
parent can do that for your kids and my
grandfather did that and my my father
did that there was I don't think we ever
grew up with a feeling that there wasn't
a safety net. And so the freedom from
that fear is a huge gift you give your
kids. It was a huge gift that was given
to me and it that's what gives you the
confidence to be able to try anything
right because you're not worried that
you know especially when you start
having kids and you think my god if you
know I can't I can't take this risk I
can't leave state street you know it
it's it's like it never occurred to me
that I couldn't leave and and
>> and uh and so uh I but I think their
view was you know if you raise your kids
with, you know, the the fortunate thing
was both my dad and and my grandfather
were very frugal and so we didn't live
in hardship, but we certainly didn't go
to Southampton and Palm Beach and Aspen
and you know that was all uh you know
they had a very sort of puritanical
sense of that that you know that sort of
view that uh you know we went out to
Fire Island and we had a house on stilts
that I still have a house out there you
know and it's in a swamp and and uh you
know one it's one storm away from the
end and there's no cars. You take a
little ferry out there and and um you
know I always think of it as the auntie
Hampton's.
>> Oh, it very much is.
>> Yeah. And so and that's that's what what
I love and and uh and you know my
parents had a a place in Maine but it
was just you know it was no not a fancy
>> a little cabin not not bunk. They had a
it they had a nice house, but it wasn't
it wasn't a Newport mansion and they had
it because, you know, they used to call
them in the 20s people like my
grandparents were called rusticators.
Isn't that a funny word? And it was
people that were wealthy but would go
and live very simply in the summer, you
know, very uh and that it's very much
just sort of a Scandinavian ethic. And I
think it developed in especially in the
late 19th century there was a movement
called the shiitakqua movement that I'm
still a supporter of um which basically
said as the bourgeoisi and wealth was
being created. There was this one branch
of wealth creators that decided they
wanted to be English aristocrats and
they built mansions in Newport and they
had yachts and and then there was
another branch that sort of said that's
not the American way and they uh and in
many ways I mean Rockefeller in many
ways embodied a certain amount of that
that sense of sort of stewardship some
were even more extreme in terms of
restraint But uh uh but the shiakqua
movement sprung up and said uh they
created these uh there's still one left.
It's in upstate New York. But where you
would go with your family for
self-improvement and you would live
simply and there would be lectures,
there would be you would improve your
mind, you'd improve your soul, and you'd
improve your health. and you'd bring
your kids and there would be sort of day
camp for the kids and there'd be church
on Sunday, but it was a
non-denominational
church that was about service and and
then there was, you know, there were
lectures. It's where Solomon Rushi was
stabbed. If you remember a couple of
years ago, he was in Shiakwa. He was
lecturing at this place that still
exists. People go for a week or two
weeks every year. So that's what the
place I go on fire island was part of
that Shiakwa movement. But the ethos of
it I think is something my parents and
grandparents really subscribe to.
>> Huh. Really really fascinating. You we
briefly mentioned Buffett earlier
when when I later on I get to ask people
who their mentors were but I have to
bring this to this part of the
conversation.
Warren Buffett and Charlie Mer were your
mentors. Is this remotely
>> true? It just seems insane.
>> Oh, I mean I it it started in I want to
say it was 19
it was might have been 1990
90.
>> So he's already a well-known
investing rock star at that point.
>> But the way it really started was with
Charlie. I met Charlie long before
Warren.
>> Oh, really?
>> And but the reason was I was trying to
sell a business. my grandfather as I
started going through his accounts and
going in there on the weekends and he he
had a business called securities lending
and I don't know how well you know that
business uh and
>> anytime you're going to short a stock
you got to borrow somebody and that's
going to cost you a little
>> it's going to cost you a little margin.
So my grandfather's view was he had a
portfolio of appreciated stocks that he
was never going to sell and he said if
somebody wants to short the stock
>> and pay me to borrow it fine. And you
the number one borrowed stock at th in
those days was Berkshireathway of course
because you couldn't borrow it anywhere
because everybody had the certificates
and right you know they weren't
>> literally had the paper.
>> Yeah. There was no there was very little
Bergkshire that was in street name. It
was in individual PE and therefore you
couldn't borrow it.
>> It was locked away in safe.
>> Yeah. So he had a big holding and and he
he had a a broker dealer. uh Shelby
Colum Davis was a registered broker
dealer and so he could lend out the
shares and make a couple hundred basis
points a year extra return on top of the
Bergkshire return. So that's how he
started in the securities lending
business. But gradually the guy who was
doing it for him and administering it
said, "Well, you know, we can also help.
We've got all these people that want to
short all sorts of different securities
and we can be act as what was called a
broker finder. We'll go out and find the
securities for these people to short and
we'll make a little a little spread as
they go through." Well, this business
grew and grew and grew and soon there
were, you know, 17 employees in this
securities lending business and it was a
big operation and uh my grandfather by
then was you know probably in his 80s
and was nervous because you know as I
went through the list of counterparties
with him there were firms we had never
heard of. There was this one called LT
uh TTCM
and he and and I said, "What is this
LTCM? We've got like, you know, 58 $800
million lent out to them. What? Oh,
that's long-term capital management." Uh
so we talked about it. He said, "Yeah, I
think we've got we got to get we got to
get rid of this thing." It reminds me,
by the way, of what Jerry signed. Wait,
did he hold on to that business or did
they
>> So I I said Deb like we, you know, we
got to get rid of this thing and he
said, "Fine. Well, see if you can find
somebody to take it over because we do
have 17 employees and you know, they
made their careers here. We're not going
to fire everybody." And
>> so we started calling around and I
thought, what characteristics do we
need? We need a lot of excess capital, a
help, ideally an appreciated portfolio
of securities, uh, you know, sort of a
AAA type balance sheet, uh, and somebody
that can understand. So I thought, well,
Berkshire. So uh, a wonderful, uh,
friend, uh, in those days named Bob
Lensner, uh, uh, who was a reporter at
Forbes, but was very,
>> I recall I I had lunch with him at, I
want to say the Harvard, uh, club. Yeah,
>> I think he was an alum. Is that
>> He could have been. His his kids my our
kids were wrong. Our kids were in the
same [clears throat] uh elementary
school and I got to know him just, you
know, watching basketball game with
third graders or something and he was
and I, you know, I heard his name around
and he said, uh,
>> he mentioned casually in a conversation
that he had met this brilliant guy,
Charlie Mer. And I said, "Well, I'm I,
you know, I know who Charlie is, but I'm
dying to meet him." And so Bob arranged
for us to have breakfast and Charlie was
in New York and I went down. It was at
the Millennium Hotel down by
[clears throat] the World Trade Center.
And I I went down and I sat down and
introduced Mr. Munger. Pleased to meet
you. I'm Chris Davis. And I said, you
know, I'm working with my grandfather at
Shelby Colum Davis Company and have I
got a business for you? and I pitched uh
our securities lending business and
Charlie put up his hand after about four
minutes and he said, "I have no
intention of buying a business run by
seven guys named Vinnie." [laughter]
And Barry, it was the perfect
description. I mean, we had Vinnie,
Tony, Mikey, Nikki, you know, and um so
we did end up finding finding a a buyer
eventually, just not virtue.
>> Yeah. And it wasn't really a buyer. We
just did sort of an earnout. We just
wanted everybody We just wanted them to
have jobs.
>> And so they all got a job at a a broker
dealer. And [snorts]
>> so beyond the pitch to Munger, how did
your relationship?
>> Well, so so the pitch ended in four and
a half minutes. And so I said, "Well,
I'm sorry I wasted your time." And I got
up to leave. And he said, "Where are you
going?" And I said, "Well, he says,
"Don't leave. I'm only just getting to
know you. I'm not interested in your
business, but tell me about you and tell
me." and we got talking about, you know,
a few things, but what really happened
was I started listening
>> and uh as you can tell, I like to talk
around Charlie. I just listened as much
as I could and
>> we sat at that table till lunchtime. And
Charlie said, "I have to go to a lunch,
but if you find yourself in Los Angeles,
uh, give me a call and I'll make time
for you." And uh so of course I started
going to Los Angeles pretty regularly
and uh and so that was a huge gift in my
life and and and it was a a gift as
professionally but thank God it was a
gift personally. I mean he helped me
through some hard times in my personal
life. I mean he was just a wonderful
mentor in every dimension. So there is a
lot of things that all of us have
learned from Warren and Charlie through
the letters, through the annual
meetings, through just all sorts of
stuff. I'm curious, what did you learn
from Charlie that none of us can find in
in the public materials?
>> Well,
good question, right? I think most
deeply I learned about integrity in the
traditional sense meaning wholeness.
>> Charlie was a whole person. He the the
alignment what he thought, what he said,
what he did, they were all the same
thing. And he his sense of
uh his own code of being was so
disciplined.
uh and but was filled with this sort of
you know his reputation as a kermagin
may have been cultivated. I never saw
it. He was a truth speaker,
>> but he was also in a very profound way a
very loving person, very cheerful, very
committed, profoundly loyal. Uh, and so
it was, you know, I I used to sort of
joke that if I did a ven diagram of the
things that I admire about my father and
the things I admire about Charlie Mer,
there's surprisingly little overlap.
They were both frugal,
>> but my Charlie uh didn't was was an
incredibly broad thinker. My father was
just single-minded about investing.
Charlie was curious in everything. Um
Charlie was very sort of committed to uh
uh to relationship, continuity, to
breth. My father is very sort of
specialized, very narrow. My father is
incredibly
uh physically fit and remains to this
day. He's very vigorous. You know,
Charlie was willfully sedentary.
[laughter]
Uh you know, my father is very nomadic
and Charlie went to the same island in
Minnesota and the same lived in the same
house his whole life. You know, it's
very, you know, very much a creature of
habit and and so they were very
different that way. Just imagine if
Charlie exercised how much longer he
could have left.
>> I don't know. 99 and three quarters is
pretty good. That's one of the things he
said. He said, "I'm not sure I see the
alignment." [laughter]
>> So So let's talk a little bit about the
returns and about the philosophy. Um
back of the envelope, I I calculated
Davis Advisors has been compounding
shareholder wealth at greater than 10%
annually since 1969. Does that sound
remotely
>> That sounds right. We're we're we're
still ahead of the market from the
beginning.
>> Starting out in 1969, so you're, you
know, early days of a horrific bare
market. You have managed money through,
well, you were in grad school, but your
dad during the 87 crash. You're involved
during the dotcom implosion, during the
financial crisis, during the pandemic. I
mean you have seen lots and lots of
cycles across all of these decades and
all of these different environments.
What key investment principles stand out
as absolutely core non-negotiable?
This is the heart of what we do.
>> Well, the entire investment process
boils down to these two questions. What
what sort of businesses do we want to
own and how much do we pay for them? and
you know the types of business
characteristics that are that we focus
but and the interplay I should say
before I go on that the interplay
between those two is part of the nuance
of investing. You may own a slightly
lower quality business because it the
price is so extreme. uh but the
characteristics that we look for in
every business have to do with the
durability because we buy businesses
thinking we will our goal is to own it
forever. Our goal is for the return to
be driven by the y earnings yield on the
business over time not by some change in
the valuation and finding an exit
strategy. Um and so those sorts of
characteristics are exactly the
characteristics you would look for if I
said you've got to put a business away
for your kids or your grandkids. So you
know the the the nature of the business,
the returns on capital, the competitive
modes, uh uh the the the nature of the
balance sheet, the risk and very
importantly the character of the people
running it. We spend a lot of time on
management evaluation in this land of
AI. You know, I just came back from the
Markeel annual meeting. You know,
character will will not show up
efficiently, I don't think, in the AI
world. And boy does it matter when you
think about navigating uh uh an
unpredictable future. Just that ability
to be resilient, to adapt, but always to
be investing the money as if it's your
own. And there there's CEOs that do
that. So those are the nature of the
business. And then the valuation
discipline is sort of the securities
analysis part of what we do. If the
first part is business research, then
it's the securities analysis. It's
adjusting the income statement you know
that's where the accounting training
comes in and uh it is understanding uh
uh the uh incremental returns on capital
and it's adjusting the balance sheet
every account on the balance sheet
because of course gap earnings is a
convention but it may or may not reflect
reality and so you know you put those
two things together and we build an an
IRRa an internal rate of return uh
forecast. We work on this concept of
owner earnings in each business. We and
then we focus on the quality and the
durability of the business.
>> I I can't help but point out that you
talk about
buying or owning businesses, not buying
stocks.
>> That seems to be like a very fundamental
distinction compared to most fund
managers.
>> It's uh it's so profoundly important.
You know it is we view ourselves as
business owners. We view the management
as our partners in most cases. We view
the you know the the signs of short-
termism as dangerous. Uh it's one of the
reasons we feel that the the the
activist movement has completely lost
the thread and should be greatly
resisted whereas it was very useful when
it started. Um, and we we could talk
about that later, but uh but absolutely
we're owning businesses and we're trying
to own businesses that are compounding
machines, right? I watched what it meant
for my grandfather to own businesses for
20, 30, 40 years. Uh, you know, I look
at our own portfolio. I look at
companies like, you know, American
Express or Wells Fargo or JP Morgan in
the financial world. I look at, you
know, more recently at companies like
Amazon, Texas Instruments. You look at
what a business can do compound over 20,
30 years. I mentioned Markel. You know,
when I first met the now CEO of Markel,
we met in Omaha at the Oreium Theater at
a Bergkshire annual meeting in like
1990. The stock was at like 19 or 20 and
it's at 2,000 now. You know, and by the
way, they have an activist idiotically
saying they should split up the company.
It's like company's doing fine and it's
a company that is being built to last.
And the idea of getting a quick sugar
fix because you could sell some part to
private equity at a premium, that
doesn't serve capitalism and it really
won't serve the long-term shareholders
of that business.
>> You you mentioned a number of financials
in that list. Um
I I'm kind of curious because financials
have had some pretty good years. They've
had some pretty rough years. Uh
obviously the financial crisis was, you
know, devastating. Although um my pet
theory about uh JP Morgan Chase is when
they had their subprime problem, it
predated everybody by five years and
there was still a a bid when they had to
get out. So they got a little lucky and
they happen to have a particularly
talented CEO. Um, but this concentration
of financials, I'm curious what led to
it and I'm curious of the relationship
between
uh what some people describe as high
conviction investing and concentration
in a particular sector like financials.
>> Well, I I think high conviction
investing is is exactly the right
description. And if we end up with a
focus on a particular sector, it's not
necessarily because of a view of the
sector. It's because the individual
companies financials is one of the most
misleading sectors there is because to
me what creates a correlation risk is
when businesses are tied to the same
macroeconomic variables. Financials is a
massively broad category. There are
financials that uh have risk if the wind
blows in certain parts of the world.
There financials that have risk if
interest rates change. Financials that
have risks that have to do with
recessions. some to capital markets.
They are all different. And I'll give
you a really powerful example. I I
started our financial fund I don't know
in something like 1990. Uh that fund
from then to today has outperformed the
S&P 500 really
>> and it has outperformed the S&P 500
quite meaningfully when you compound it
out. uh uh at the time we started it I
didn't even know there was a financials
index but it was founded with this
belief that one of the and my
grandfather of course specialized in
financials I started as a financials
analyst and he had a phrase that he
loved which is in financials you can
find growth stocks in disguise and he
said the reason is is that you have very
uh uh you have businesses industries
that are huge where companies can grow
for a long period of time uh by simply
growing it. You know, just this year,
Progressive finally passed State Farm.
Progressive has probably compounded in
the high teens for 30 years and it still
is just just became maybe the largest
insurance company in personal auto. So,
you have these massive industries where
you can compound for a long time without
outgrowing your sector. Second
advantage, the business model doesn't
really go obsolete, right? Making a
spread on money is about the oldest
business there is. Maybe maybe the
second oldest. Thank you. [laughter]
>> Uh what else? It's an industry where you
have huge dispersion of outcomes but
relatively homogeneous valuations. So
you I mentioned progressive. I mean you
have companies that have grown Capital
One. You look at Capital One's growth
record from 1987 today and yet it's
trading at nine or 10 times earnings
because it's a financial. I'm like, it
looks like a growth stock to me, right?
I've got it's still run by the founder.
It's a fintech company. It's a data
science company. It's in the top 10 of
all holders of AI and machine learning
patents,
>> but it trades at 9.8 times earnings and
1.2 times book value, liquidating value.
with a mid- teens return on equity. It
seems just nuts to me, but whatever. We
love it. So that's the idea of growth
stocks in disguise. And the last
advantage of financials is that culture
is a defining and sustainable
difference. This is a theme I have heard
from so many really savvy um uh
executors, CEOs as well as investors.
How do you as an investor
wrap your arms around culture? It's you
it feels like you almost have to be in
it to see it like is it something that
as an outside investor you get access
to? How do you how do you identify
quality culture?
>> Well, it's it's it's a perfect question,
but I'll give you the punchline for the
differentiation. Mhm.
>> Last year, our financial fund, which is
95% in large cap financials,
outperformed the S&P financials index
and the XLF, the largest financials ETF
by 1,200 basis points.
>> Not too shabby,
>> right? Like, so I mean, it was a great
year for us, but the point is that
they're in large cap financials. We're
in large cap financials. How can you get
such dispersion, right? But but the same
as
>> they own everything and you own the
>> better but they're very concentrated.
They're concentrated the mega cap banks
by and large and Visa and Mastercard,
you know, but we're we're fairly
concentrated too. We only have 20 25
names
>> and uh they you know 20 or 25 names are
probably 80% of of the index.
>> Does the gap come from the stock
selection or the screening out of what
you don't like?
Well, it really goes back to the culture
question. So to bring it full circle to
your question about culture, what it is
is that within financials, we are
looking for the companies that we feel
can be compounding machines and we're
looking for the companies where their
culture creates a durable advantage. The
reason culture can create an advantage
in financials is because in most cases
your cost of goods sold is an estimate.
And if you have an aggressive
uh management, they can use accounting
to upfront earnings that will you'll pay
the piper three, five, excuse me, 10
years from now. So they can look good
for a long time. Whereas if you do the
opposite, if you have a good culture,
you're understating the near-term, but
you're building cushion for the long
term. And so when the times go rough,
when the tide goes out and you see who's
swimming without a bathing suit, that's
where the culture really matters. Now,
you mentioned all of the crises that
I've seen over my career. I've seen a
lot of these management teams and these
companies go through crises and you see
who's wearing a bathing suit. So, we
just went through an interest rate
crisis,
>> right?
>> 2022 500 bas.
>> We used to get questions from clients
all the time. Why don't you own First
Republic? In October, my colleague
Pierce Crosby wrote a a research report
just internal, just for his own, saying
he's just startled by the amount of risk
Silicon Valley and First Republic are
taking. He said it's sort of amazing.
Look at the duration on their assets.
They're assuming that their liabilities,
their deposits are going to be with them
for 8, 10, 12 years and that they're
uncorrelated. So, you know, we used to
get questions, why don't you own them?
They've been they've had such great
growth records and our view was well
it's been a mistake not to own them in
terms of they've outperformed but we are
not going to own the companies that are
optimized to the upcycle right and
that's a different culture they had a
growth culture but it was it blew them
up and so you know we we instead looked
at companies like well JP Morgan was an
outstanding example Wells Fargo was
Capital One where they didn't reach for
the easy money of taking that extra risk
on the interest rates. They could have,
you know, JP Jamie Diamond stood up at
an analyst meeting said, "I could add a
billion or$2 billion dollars to my
profits with a phone call and I'm not
going to do it
>> because of the risk."
>> Because of the risk you guys want, you
know, I could put out my money for five,
seven years and he didn't do it. So when
that you you could see that. So some of
it is quantitative. You identify culture
by accounting choices. Look at how
accidentear reserves develop at
insurance companies. Look how credit
loss develop. Look at the duration uh in
the asset portfolio of a bank. Look at
the marktomarket risks that uh an
investment bank is taking. So on so you
can uh identify culture quantitatively
in financials. That's a big advantage.
Um but then the next part is
qualitative. And there I think Warren
put it best. He said in a in a complex
financial the CEO has to be the chief
risk officer. And you can have somebody
with that title, but if the CEO doesn't
understand the nature and the complexity
of the risks, they should not be the CEO
of a financial company.
>> So, not only am I hearing a lot of
Warren's voice in things you say, I'm
also hearing a lot of similar companies,
Coca-Cola, AMX, Wells Fargo, uh,
coincidence?
Well, I mean it it it would be strange
if we ended up different. Of course, I
always like it when we owned it first.
So, for example, we were I think the
largest shareholder of General
>> Ree
>> uh uh before Berkshire bought it. And uh
and so and by the way, we our research
was not so good on that one because Oh,
really? No. And as you see subsequently,
uh, Genrie did not perform very well for
many years. Uh, it was, uh, and I think
Warren would say, I mean, I think he has
said publicly. I I won't put words. I
think he's, he said that that was, well,
I'll I'll put it this way.
>> Not his favorite pick.
>> Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what, Charlie
Charlie came to visit us and we have a
wall of mistakes where we frame the
stock certificates of our biggest
mistakes.
>> Is that what that is?
>> Yeah. And Charlie was looking through it
and he said, "Where the hell's your Gen
Ree?" [laughter] And I said, "Jenry
wasn't a mistake. We got Berkshire stock
for Genre." That was fantastic.
>> Did Did you have anything to do with the
transaction or they just went out and
bought it and you happen to be a big
holder?
>> No. And I I I you know, we we were big
Geico shareholders. uh uh uh you know so
no it was uh and we over overlapped in
MX but we uh uh but no I mean we're much
more diversified we never owned Apple we
you know there's there's huge
differences I mean starting with the
fact that you know Warren has
outperformed all investment advisors for
50 years and and so um but you'd be
crazy not to study you know if if Warren
owns something or to study Berkshire
itself
That makes a lot of sense. There's
another distinction
between the two of you. Uh you say that
you are neither deep value nor go go
growth. So what does that leave you? Are
you growth at a reasonable price
somewhere something adjacent?
>> I love growth at a reasonable price
because what are the other guys?
>> Who doesn't want
>> growth at unreasonable prices? That
>> unreasonable silly prices. no growth at
a reasonable price.
>> I think what we would say is it's it's
obvious to us that growth is a component
of value, right?
>> Growth is a component of value. So
>> a company that grows profitably is more
valuable than one that doesn't grow,
>> right? I mean it's it's again think of
the business, right? A business that
grows profitably is more valuable. A
business that can redeploy its capital
at high incremental rates of return is
way more valuable than one that it can't
or one that's capital intensive and
shrinking and so on. So growth is a
component of value and the difference
between us and a typical growth manager
is we tend to believe more deeply based
on experience that high rates of growth
attract competition. Competition lowers
returns. And so we believe in capitalism
and we believe that growth is hard and
maintaining growth is hard. So we tend
to be more skeptical than the average
go- go growth investor. But we tend to
be more open to paying a a fair price
for a company that can grow profitably
than the typical value investor. So so
much of our research is about the the
durability of the growth, the
competitive advantages that a business
hap has. So our portfolio currently
trades in aggregate if you took all of
our companies at something like 14 times
earnings while the market is at 20 or
21. Uh the value index is at 19 times.
And yet we have a portfolio of companies
that has grown their earnings over the
last five years at something like 14% a
year. So we feel we have what my dad
used to call the value investors dream.
Right. And that's what we
>> low cost fast growth.
>> Low low valuation and durable
sustainable growth.
>> Huh. Really really fascinating. So so
before we jump too deep into the current
state of affairs, I I have to ask you
about a quote of yours that I I really
like. Um as human beings we don't
welcome fear and panic but as investors
we welcome the bargain prices that those
immen emotions tend to produce. Discuss
>> well
you know obviously the the market is of
course a voting machine in the short
term. It reflects psychology in the long
term a weighing machine and and that
>> that's a great quote. I'm gonna write
that [laughter] down.
>> Yeah.
And uh so psychology and uh uh helps
shape prices and what happens we find is
that risk is you know there's time it's
all there's always risk what varies is
people's perception of it
>> and I think today we're in a time when
people are underestimating risks
>> uh and therefore prices are generally
high. It's one of the reasons I find it
so amazing that our portfolio is trading
at 14 times earnings. I'm like, you
know, I the market scares me at 21 22
times earnings. Uh but our portfolio
feels like this is below longtime
averages. So I feel this disconnect
where I'm simultaneously pessimistic
about the market because of the
euphoria. There's no skepticism. there's
no fear uh in prices and at the same
time very uh feel very comfortable with
our portfolio.
>> So So let me um push back a little bit
just to hear your reaction. We we keep
hearing artificial intelligence and
Nvidia and all the semis uh being
compared to the dotcom era and every
time I hear that
aside from the fact that many of those
companies forget profits didn't even
have revenues and this is a giant
revenue giant profit era markets today
are trading at 20 22 times. We finished
the 90s at 32 times. Theoretically,
there's a ton of upside from here. A
especially if earnings growth continues.
Is is it the contrarian take that hey,
this market could go another five or 10
years before things get really stupid?
>> Well, what I'd say is right now is as I
look out there, I see two types of of of
you know, end investor, right? One is
this sort of belief that we're on a
plateau of permanent prosperity. This
time is different.
>> A permanently high plateau.
>> Yes. Yes. And and uh and they are all in
on the momentum trade which has worked
so well.
>> Now I'm I have a a really uh I am uh
believe that momentum investing even
though it's worked so well to me is
crazy because it's not common sense. It
works until it stops.
>> It works until it stops. And when it
stops, you really feel foolish that the
fact that you were paying an ever higher
price, uh, you thought was a good thing.
>> Why Why does price matter? [laughter] If
it's going up, buy it. If it stops going
up, sell it.
>> Exactly. And so that's one group of
investors. And they're taking a lot of
risk because they tend to be in the
highest multiple parts of the market.
and the parts of the market where there
is the most presumption that high
margins and high growth rates are
sustainable and the data is over I think
fewer than 3% of companies can maintain
a 10 a growth rate in revenue of 20% for
more than a decade like fewer than 3%. I
mean that's a huge growth rate for a
long time and there are a lot of
valuations today that have that baked
in. You get these analyst report and
there's even fewer less than I think
it's 510 of 1% but you could check me
it's either might be 310 but it's a low
a fraction of a percent that are able to
maintain 50% margins for more than a
decade. Those are very high margins but
again they're in a lot of models right
now
>> right? So I think there's risk on that.
Now the other side of people taking risk
are the ones that are huddled in cash
saying it's the end of the world. Uh
everything that's happening AI is going
to swallow our children. Uh the the
world is falling apart. Everything
that's happening in Washington and
they're sitting in cash
>> which is risky as well.
>> Really risky. I mean just since 2000 the
purchasing power of a dollar is down
something like 55%.
>> Right. In in in my my grandmother's
lifetime, I think the purchasing power
of a dollar fell like 94 95%. So they're
taking
>> you sat in dollars for 90 years, right?
So though I think these huge crowded
sides of the market, the people sitting
in cash and the people at the assuming
the extreme growth are both taking a lot
of risk.
>> That's a terrible barbell you've just
described. Yes. like the extremes are
either either inflation's going to kill
them or speculation's going to kill
>> and where I would say you know we land
in the middle is with this idea that
there are durable overlooked businesses
right now and there there business as I
say we have a portfolio of 25 companies
trading at a aggregate portfolio of 14
and a half times by the way that
includes owning some Amazon it includes
owning some Google but also owning some
Capital One owning some Tyson food, some
MGM, you know,
>> which portfolio is this?
>> This is our our flagship portfolio. So,
this is the Davis York Venture Fund, but
really the the way people are finding us
increasingly 10 years ago, Barry, we
launched our ETFs.
>> We were alone for nine years. Like, no,
we're the only true active manager
running a value ETF. I think our value
ETF which is called D USA D USA is the
number one active or passive value ETF
for three years but nobody really cares.
It's just you know it's it but that's
all right. We
>> although the past year or two we have
seen a lot of flows. Hey most of the
money going to the passive indexes but
the things that uh the third or quarter
that's not going there active.
>> Exactly. So they're finding our way and
I'm proud that we were so early. I don't
mind being early, you know. And so uh
but what I'd say is that that the the
optimistic case you way uh lay out. I
think the the three elements of change
in the civilization that are increasing
risk today is we certainly have a change
in the monetary world order. Right? We,
you and I spent our entire careers in a
world of falling interest rates,
approaching zero, falling inflation, uh,
all of the things that fed into that,
you know, low wage pressure,
deunization, globalization, all of that
stuff, all of that has stunningly and
permanently, I believe, come to an end.
We are in a state where, you know, we
are printing so much money relative uh
to what the interest rates are. I think
there's a lot of risk, but certainly
we're not going back to zero probably
ever again. That was a once in history
phenomena, free money. The second big
change is geopolitics. There's no
question that for our entire career,
we're in a world of globalization. We're
in a world of functional peace. We are
in a world of stability. We're in a
world where the wall fell and markets
doubled. All of these things that is
also absolutely come to an end. And that
increases risk. So those first two
things increase risk. And what's the
third? AI. There's this massive
technological change that increases
risk. It increases the risk of all
different types of businesses and it
increases opportunity but increases
risk. So when you have three fundamental
shifts going on, all of which have
unpredictable outcomes and yet you have
valuations not at all-time highs but
elevated highs certainly relative to the
direction of travel of interest rates
over time then I'd say you know I like
where we are with our 14 yield you know
solid growth rate in the businesses
durability AI as a lens globalization as
a lens inflation as a lens. and put
those things together. We sit with 25
companies with these great
characteristics in our ETF or in our
funds or SMA or however the adviser
finds us.
>> Really interesting. So, I'm glad you
mentioned uh uh as artificial
intelligence as one of those three um
big shifts that are taking place. How do
you as an analyst and a fund manager
separate what is a transformative
technology and potentially a
transformative source of value creation
from just the rampant speculative excess
that rears its head on a regular basis.
>> Well, what we're seeing is Amaro's law
in full bloom. And Amaro's law states
that transformative technologies are
overestimated in the short term. they're
underestimated in the long term. We're
in the overestimation hype phase. And
what I would say we do is we recognize
it as a transformative technology. That
that is absolutely a baseline
assumption. Our other baseline
assumption at this stage is that we
don't see it as a winner take all.
>> So we see it more a little bit like
railroads or something where uh uh or
the te uh or electricity where the users
maybe end up making more money than the
builders. Um and so we we'll talk about
hedging that bet. But um uh we do think
it increases the risk environment in
terms of terrorism. Uh it increases uh
the risk of obsolescence in certain
businesses. So but we start with this
idea that it's real. Then what we do is
as we do our research, we found every
company we look at falls into one of
five categories. It's the emerging
winners. That's where all the heat is,
all the speculation. And there there's
real danger. you and I started very
early talking about Cisco and
remembering well the three obvious
winners of the internet were AOL, Yahoo
and Cisco you know there two don't exist
and one's a fraction of what it was and
so picking the emerging winners in the
early hype phase is risky and uh but
we'd say if you want to look in that
space focus on the businesses that have
a real shot at being emerging winners
but do not have to constantly raise
capital have proven business models
proven leaders and businesses that are
accreted by the investments that they're
making so that they earn more money by
making these investments even if it
takes longer than
>> so not the hyperscalers
>> not the hyperscalers I think that that
is and and so for us that's where we've
sat with a little bit of Google we still
have Meta uh and Amazon we've trimmed
the first two because they were huge
holdings for us because we bought them
when they were so out of favor but if
you're going to play in the emerging
winners that's the first second category
is okay who are the enablers of this
technology, right? That's the the picks
and shovels mindset. They're the ones
that that are going to benefit from the
spending wave, but will not be penalized
if the return on the spending is very
low.
>> So, semiconductors.
>> So, yeah, I would say there for us it's
been analog chips, Texas Instruments,
it's been semiconductor Capital
Equipment, uh we are a big shareholder
of Samsung, you know, which did nothing
nothing nothing and then went up
fourfold in in a year. They're driving
the entire CSP uh in Korea.
>> It's amazing. Amazing. So, but you know
again that we viewed those as enablers
but in the enablers I would also include
things like natural gas and copper
>> right they're going to be they are big
big beneficiaries. So we own you know
caterera which is now devon uh kico
phillips uh tormolene you know our focus
is on natural gas and copper okay so
those are the enablers the users who are
going to be the beneficiaries use well
there you've got to think uh that
financials is a great examp where you
have a big amount of laptop class
workers
>> right it's what Elon called the laptop
class that you know it's likely that AI
will do to the laptop class what
globalization did to to bluecollar
workers
>> meaning very much hollow it out
>> hollow it out hollow it out the best
will still have work the best will be
more valuable they'll be more productive
but there's going to be you know a lot
of unemployed secondyear lawyers and
things like that and so that that and so
health care you know claims processing
uh compliance functions things like that
so there we focus on the banks that are
have the scale the tech stack pack and
the management to do it. So, Capital One
number one, I'd keep Wells Fargo on that
list. I think US Bank gets over that,
crosses that chasm. Uh, so those but
also
>> JP Morgan Chase is part of
>> the JP Morgan Chase has done such a
great job, but the valuation is
>> and how do you put the MXs and
Mastercard Visas of the world? We don't
own Visa or Mastercard and we have a
very small position in AMX and
essentially the reason is we just think
that that is an area where there is a
big spread. They may be on the other
side but boy there are a lot of people
that especially merchants that would
like to figure out some way to bypass
that.
>> That 3% big is a big big number.
>> It's a big number. This is the first
time in my lifetime I have started
noticing cash and credit card prices on
restaurant menu was never a thing
>> and you really see it when you travel.
Yeah.
>> And so I that we and again those are
they're so highly valued at 30 times
earnings for Visa. You know it just
seems to us there's too much risk there.
I'll own the capital one at nine times.
So those are the users, right? Then the
next category or what what Jeff Bezos we
call him the the the indifferent or the
protected, right? So what Jeff Bezos
when he said people ask me what's going
to change, they ought to ask me what's
not going to change. That's a very
important question. So there what do we
you know Tyson Foods, right? Chicken's
not going to change,
>> right? And
>> wait, chicken's not going to lose their
jobs.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Chicken's in good shape. Uh
uh and you know, but here you have to be
careful because you don't have high
growth rates, so you don't want to
overpay. and they they're cyclical
businesses. So you don't want to pay at
the top of a cycle. So Tyson I think is
has a low multiple on on cyclally
depressed earnings. What else does MGM I
think owning you know 50% of the Las
Vegas strip and you know 20 or 30% of
Macau and 100% of the only legal
gambling in Japan and Osaka when it
opens 2029 that's very valuable. I don't
think that gets disintermediated by AI.
So that call those the protected the
what won't change. The last category is
the walking dead and and there you know
you mentioned Visa and Mastercard. I
don't know title insurance I don't know
there are all sorts of things where it
is really amazing how much money is made
for something that you should be able to
get around. We've seen some of the
pressure in the SAS companies and so
that's the lens that we look at uh for
all of our companies. We put them
through this lens of this fast changing.
We want to stay nimble. And Barry, one
of the things I think is really
important is I think this is a world
where taking liquidity risk is really
dangerous because there's so much flux.
So I think that's some of the pressure
we're seeing in private equity, private
credit. I think people are saying why
would why did I lock up my money uh
>> for seven years?
>> For seven years if you're lucky.
>> Yeah.
>> It's going to be longer I think. So I
think that wheels are coming off that. I
think that indexes remember Kodak, you
ready for a number? 10 million digital
cameras had been sold when Kodak was
still in the top third of the S&P 500.
>> That's amazing.
>> Isn't that amazing? And and it's like 10
million people knew they would never buy
a roll of film again. It was dead.
>> And so the advantage, you know, when
Japan peaked in the 80s, every active
every active manager in international
investing outperformed for the next 10
years by just saying, "Oh, Japan's going
down. I'm out." And so the index got
killed because it had to sort of go down
with the ship, right?
>> So I think nimleness, liquidity, uh,
flexibility, and this sort of research
lens are going to actually become more
valuable. So I think we could see some
of the time-t tested things that worked
in the last decade, dividend darlings,
momentum, uh, private equity, indexing,
I think all of those things could be
challenged given this fast changing
world. So, I'm I'm glad you brought up a
few things um there because when you
look at some of the fallout from lowcost
indexing, the Vanguard effect, Black
Rockck, what whatever you want to call
it,
they have all put the fund industry
under a lot of pressure. There's fee
compression. There's been a move to to
not just indexing, but to ETFs
generally.
So when your own business, you're you're
looking at businesses with moes and
businesses with defendable
um processes and and a good culture.
You're running a business with a lot of
employees and and a lot of clients. How
do you respond to this external
pressure? How do you manage not the
investments, but the business of
investing when it's just becoming more
competitive and more challenging than
ever? Well, we're we're lucky because
we're one we're a very we we charge low
fees,
>> right? So, we it's you know, if you
charge two and 20, you know, you're
>> if if only I could.
>> I know. I'm je
>> I mean emotion intellectually I have a
problem with that. But part of me is
like nice work if you
>> I know I know I spoke to a guy that
charged two and 20 years ago and I said
why two and 20? What's the business
model? He said I can't get three and 30.
[laughter]
So, we've always we've always just run
with this idea, you know, and Charlie
once said to me, Charlie Munger, you
know, what's wrong with giving people a
bargain,
>> right?
>> Or at least a fair price,
>> right? And it makes it easier for you to
outperform over time. So, so I feel one,
we two, we're a frugal place.
>> You know, I I I work with seven
colleagues. We've been together on
average 20 years, uh, 25 years average
experience. And we would do this with no
outside money, right? Because of the
inside money. So we run it with what I
would call a real family office mindset
with our own money alongside in a very
lowcost operation. But we like and the
last thing, Barry, is we are in a
lasting game. What I can tell you is if
90% of the market was passive, the
remaining 10% of active would make a
fortune.
>> I I've said that exact thing. Hey, if if
indexing is taking over, doesn't that
create all sorts of inefficiencies?
Absolutely. For a savvy, active manager.
>> Absolutely. And I, you know, I don't
think it's a coincidence that we started
outperforming the S. I mean, we've
outperformed the value index for all
periods, but we but we lagged the S&P in
this momentum market. But that changed
about four years ago,
>> and nobody's talking about it
>> coming out of the pandemic. But
basically, yeah, we've been grinding an
advantage over the S&P for the last
three three and a half years. Uh I mean,
and this is with less than half the
weight in technology that the index has.
So, we are underweighted the hottest
sector, but yet we've been grinding out
an advantage for three or four years.
Why? And I think it's just because
there's way more money indexed than is
thought of. there's way more money in
momentum that's than than is and when I
say there's more in indexing it's
because there's so much closet indexing
so I think I don't think it's impossible
that we're already at 70%
functionally indexed
that will really help us so we're in a
lasting game we got the balance sheet to
do it we're going to be on the other
side
>> huh that that's really fascinating you
you mentioned you guys would just do
this uh without outside money But let's
put some flesh on those bones. Davis
Advisors, the company, the the family
foundation, you and your partners, the
employees,
you collectively have more than a few
billion dollars in in the um fund. So
you are not only aligned with your
clients. I I I I almost feel like skin
the game is become a cliche, but the
question I want to ask is being invested
that way alongside the clients, how does
that affect your decision-making
process? And what does that do when
you're going through one of those
periodic crises that we've seen so much
over the past 25 years, doss, GFC,
pandemic? How does having skin in the
game affect your decisions? Well, it I
think it makes us much more rational and
much more long-term. It means that, you
know, I I once had a a a colleague uh
that we had to part ways because he said
that, you know, I was so unimpressed by
things like momentum, even if they
worked. And he said, "Look, if I had a
blind monkey in my office pointing to
the newspaper every day at a stock, and
every single day that stock went up that
it point to, whatever stock it pointed
to went up every day." He said, "You
could watch that monkey for six months,
you could watch it for a year, you could
watch it for two years, and you still
wouldn't invest with the monkey." And I
said, "Of course I wouldn't. It's a
blind monkey, right? This is my money.
This is my client's life savings. You
think I'm going to say, "Oh, the blind
monkey pointed at the paper." So when
when we're in an environment where the
market is on a tear and people are
saying, "Oh, you're dinosaurs." We're
able to hold our discipline. In 2007, we
had our financial fund had lagged all
other financial funds, not all, but most
other financial funds because we were
underweighted in real estate and we
didn't own any Fanny. We didn't own any
Freddy. We didn't own any Countrywide.
We didn't own Bear Sterns. We didn't own
Wamu. And people would say, "Wow, what
you're like a dinosaur." you know, and
it's because it's our money. And so we
don't mind if it takes a while for the
reality for that weighing machine to
work. What we look at every year is did
the companies get stronger? Did they get
heavier? Did they get more valuable? And
if so, we view our research as working.
Sometimes the stocks don't go up,
sometimes they do, but we're focused on
the businesses
>> on the process and not just what's going
up that day. You know, the blind monkey
uh reminds me of a fascinating quote
from Ken French of Dartmouth. Um Michael
Moeson has written a lot about the
separation between skill and luck and
French farmer French uh had said you
know be it's very challenging to tell
the difference between skill and luck
with fund managers and to really have a
data set where you can make an informed
decision takes about 20 years. So if
you're going to wait for that blind
monkey, you got to wait 20 years. And
you're starting out with a blind monkey.
I think we have to assume that it's luck
and not skill.
>> Well, and look, Barry, your clients come
to you. It's you could say that it's
because of your performance. And
performance matters, but
>> Oh, I don't think my clients come to
>> Well, I was going to say what really
matters is trust,
>> right? And conviction. And so one of the
things that that you know we have
clients that say hey you went through a
period of underperformance. You were out
of sync with the market. We weren't
worried. You were building wealth for us
every year. We don't care. Oh this this
index went here or the index went there.
We're with you because we have
conviction that you'll get us to our
retirement. You'll get us to our kids
college funding. You'll help us achieve
our goals. And maintaining that's
something you do with your own money.
You don't chase the hot dot. But if
you're an investment manager and all of
your value comes from the assets under
management, you have to chase the hot
dot. So trust I in is an undervalued
part of the promise and the value that
an investment manager can give to their
clients. If they if your clients trust
you, they will get a better return even
if you underperform an index if you or
if their trust is able to keep them
invested through the ups and downs. Huh.
Really, really fascinating. All right,
last question before I get to my
favorites that I ask all my guests. What
do you think investors are not generally
talking about, thinking about, but
perhaps should be? Could could be a
topic, a geography, an asset class. What
what important issue is kind of getting
overlooked these days? Well, I think,
you know, I I I think this these three
big transitions in the economy are going
to turn a lot of what's become
conventional wisdom about investing
upside down for a while. So, I think you
know what hasn't worked, you know,
active management hasn't worked. What
hasn't worked? Value, price discipline
hasn't worked. Uh I think you're seeing
that uh uh what what has worked? Oh, you
know, alternatives, you know,
illliquidity, that's been great. Uh,
what, you know, has worked that I think
is dangerous? You know, dividend
aristocrats. Oh, really?
>> Absolutely. I think that any
>> You think dividend aristocrats are
dangerous because
>> because they're looking in the rearview
mirror and they're not factoring in
these big three changes that we talked
about.
>> Well, isn't that the problem with all
models?
>> Yeah. Kodak was a dividend aristocrat.
You know, Xerox was a dividend
aristocrat. Polaroid was a dividend. And
that's fine unless there is systemic
change, right? And and when you have a
big change like you had coming out of
the 70s, you know, and the change into
the 80s, 90s, you know, you have these
big changes. Uh and then everything that
worked, you know, everything that helped
you survive the crash and the depression
in 1948, you could say, "I'm not greedy.
I just want to own bonds. Stocks are too
dangerous." and you were wiped out in a
generation and bonds became certificates
of confiscation. So I think people are
underestimating how much these
conventional strategies alternatives uh
the rear the the backwardlooking models
including even momentum uh indexing and
uh uh versus active and I would even
maybe add international international
had underperformed for so long and you
know
>> just the past two years starting to look
pretty good.
>> Starting to look pretty good.
>> So you like international?
>> I like international. We run uh an
international ETF DI NT and uh it's just
like us. It's all stock picking. It's
run by my partner Danton, you know, and
our family probably has, you know,
always keeps probably 15 20% of our
assets in international and that looked
really stupid until two years ago and
it's looking a little better. So I think
those conventional things are being
likely to turn upside down.
>> What's the old joke? Being diversified
means there's always something to
apologize for in your portfolio.
>> So true. All right. So, let me jump to
my favorite questions. Uh, I ask all my
guests even though I would love to stay
here and keep you chatting for another
three hours. I know you have places to
go and people to see. Um, and and the
first question I always ask, I kind of
know the answer, but I'm going to give
you another opportunity at another swing
at it. Who who were your mentors who
helped shape your career? And I kind of
see four people already. Well, you
certainly got my dad, my grandfather,
and Charlie. Um, I think if I was gonna
add another one, I I I would add Tom
Gayor, the CEO of Markel. I just think,
you know, that sort of principled
stewardship, leadership, that servant
leadership, a company that is built with
an enormous durability and culture of
stewardship in mind. Um, you know, I he
he's, you know, we've served on boards
together. He's helped me through
difficult times. I've done my best to
help him through difficult times. It's a
great thing to go through life
surrounded by people you admire. And of
course, I get to work with people I
admire and that's a big plus.
>> Really, really interesting. Let's talk
about I know you're a fellow reader.
What What are some of your favorite
books? What are you reading currently?
>> Well, I have too many favorite books to
list, but I give us three.
>> I I
>> By the way, people always tell me, "Oh,
that's my favorite question. I'm always
looking for something new. I'll give you
the most recent one I read that I think
is a good antidote to the AI phenomena
or the AI hysteria or or the AI the the
the obsession that's a better word.
>> Uh and it's a book called Alchemy. Uh
the author is Rory Rory Sutherland.
Yeah. I think that's a very useful book
to read right now
>> on marketing and advertising. It's
really on ways in which we maybe
fetishize, if I said that right,
rationality. And that when you look at
human behavior, it's very irrational,
but it's often irrational in predictable
ways. And the more we say, what's the
rational solution to a problem? And
expect people to obey that, the more
we're going to keep getting crazy
outcomes. People react in ways that, you
know, people react to placeos. Um, but
we don't study placeos, right? That's uh
the example he gives that I love is if
you wanted to create a a really
spectacular uh uh competitor to
Coca-Cola and you hired McKenzie, they
would say, "Well, you should make
something that tastes good, sell it a
little cheaper, and make it ubiquitous."
What you wouldn't say is make it more
expensive, make it taste bad, and put it
in a smaller can. And that's Red Bull.
and uh uh and so there's a lot to study
in a case like that. How has that worked
so well? So uh I think alchemy is a
useful one now. Um you know I I I think
everybody should read themselves and
then have their kids read uh uh Morgan's
two best books which should be read as a
single book. The psychology of money and
the art of spending. They go together. I
said one is like the sequel to The
Godfather. It's The Godfather too. It's
not a different movie. It's it's
continuation.
>> It's the culmination in a way. And so,
>> and you could skip three.
>> Okay. That's a
>> Godfather 3 just doesn't
>> Oh, I agree. Not as good as I agree. I
agree. And then, uh, for a third book,
you know, just the one that immediately
comes to mind at the moment is is
Americana. Uh, it's a book by there's
two books by the same name. Uh, I know
because Charlie had told
>> 400 years American capitalism. I
>> I love that book. I had him on the
podcast years ago.
>> Travanas. Spectacular.
>> Spectacular. And And it just
>> really just I think people are just so
unaware of the history of American
capitalism. And that book just does a
fantastic job laying out the success
>> and it will help you as an investor if
you think in chapters of that book. If
you think about okay AI is unfolding.
You know, he he talks about the
interstate highways being built. Well,
the interstate highways were built. No,
you know who made money, right?
McDonald's, Wendy's, right? The
railroads were built. Who made money? It
wasn't the railroads, right? It was the
factories, the ability to distribute.
And who were the dead men walking? You
know, when the car was developed, but
there were 3,000 car companies, right?
Uh there were 200 371 publicly traded
internet companies. You know, that's why
picking the emerging winners in the
early stages is tricky, but think of the
chapter, think of that whole arc. And
that that's a terrific book.
>> Um, what are you streaming these days?
What's keeping you entertained? Either
>> Netflix, podcast, whatever.
>> Well, I, you know, anybody who knows me
knows that I I I I watch almost nothing.
>> And I particularly don't watch sports. I
don't know a lot about sports with one
exception. I love ice hockey. and and I
love ice hockey in part because we had a
lot of family history. My mom's family
uh helped start the NHL and founded the
Boston Bruins.
>> Wait, what?
>> Yes.
>> Your mom's family helped start
>> the NHL and uh and and founded the
Bruins and we owned the Bruins through
my childhood. Can you imagine what a
deal that my father
>> who's probably been to eight hockey
games in his life has his name carved on
the Stanley Cup twice because he was
Shelby Davis was the treasurer of the
Boston Bruins and so they won the cup
twice. He got his name on it twice. But
I think one of the things that I love
about it is that my grandfather in
explaining his love for it to me, he
said, you know, every sport handicaps
the athletes. You know, you can't use
your hands, you can't use your feet, you
have to dribble, whatever it is. He
said, hockey accentuates every human
ability. And in
>> between the skates and the stick,
>> the skates, the stick, the pads, the
oval rink, the the ice. I mean, it's
just an amazing accelerator of human
ability. And I guess the reason I I
think of it right at this moment, of
course, it's we're moving into the
Stanley Cup playoffs. I mean, we're in
the the last two rounds. And uh but it's
also because I think there's a way to
look at AI as accentuating human
ability.
>> It's an accelerator for sure.
>> It's an accelerator. And what that could
mean for health care, what that could
mean for healthcare inflation going
negative. I mean there all sorts of
>> we're we're already finding so many new
molecules. If anything's going to find a
cure to a lot of cancers. It's going to
be this
>> and you know and again we we have to
recognize that there of course like
every technology there are going to be
negatives. There going to be delays and
as people get disillusioned we could get
a big swing the other way. So
equinimity, but again going back to
Americana and tying it to ice hockey,
think of those long chapters.
>> All right, our final two questions. What
sort of advice would you give to a
recent college grad interest in the
career in investing?
>> Well,
I would say
learn everything you can about business
and ideally work in business. You know,
I met a guy down at Markeel had their
reunion uh just yesterday. I just flew
back from Richmond yesterday. Uh their
reunion is a great event. I recommend
everybody go just buy a share of
Markeel, go to the reunion. You just
you'll see something a lot, you know, a
lot get was compared to B. But I just I
I I love the value system there. Uh but
I met a guy who was an engineer at
Altria, uh which is headquartered in
Richmond. He owned a lot of Altria. He
owned a lot of PMI, but he started
investing for himself about 20 25 years
ago. He showed me his portfolio,
including his cost basis. He's built a
wonderful record as an investor. And so,
uh, you know, I think I I don't love all
these kids going to the Goldman Sachs
and to private equity. I think private
equity is
>> it was a wonderful business to begin
with, and I think it is absolutely lost
the thread. Well, the size it's just
ramped up and
>> and they're all selling to themselves,
right? And they're trying to get the
widows and orphans in there so that they
can uh uh have some final sale just like
they did with, you know, MLPS and and uh
the oil and gas partnerships in the 80s.
And I really hate it. I I I I I there
are people within the world of private
equity that I admire that have built
stunning records, but most of what's
happening at this scale is just stealing
money from pension plans, endowments,
401ks, and it's going into pen houses
and Ferraris. Uh you know, where are the
customers yachts? Look at the returns
over the last 10 years of the average
state pension plan. Then look at the
breakdown of assets and you realize that
all of the drag on their returns is
alternatives.
>> Amazing. Final question. What do you
know about the world of investing today
might have been useful back in the uh
late 80s, early 90s when you were first
getting started?
>> Well, every every investor, if they're
honest, will say that their biggest
mistakes were were what they sold. Uh,
and so, you know, I I I would say that
I've always put all my money in the
funds, and I think that's the right
alignment. But I realize now, which I
didn't realize then, that there's some
real differences, which is that, you
know, in the funds in we have to really
think about diversification.
If each time I bought a stock in the
funds, I had bought it in my own name
instead of putting my money in the funds
and buying it, I probably would have
just left it alone for the last 30 years
and it would [clears throat] have done
very well. Uh, so you know, all of the,
you know, I first bought Amazon in 2002.
>> Good timing,
>> you know. Yeah, but I sold it in 2004.
>> Bad sale.
>> Thank you.
>> I could I could tell you the same story
with Apple.
>> Yep. We
>> It was $15 with 13 cash. Yeah.
>> Tripled my money. I was a genius. That
was like 10,000% ago.
>> I know. We did the same thing in Apple
and it was we viewed it as a real estate
plate. We said if you mark the real
estate to market uh and add it to the
cash
was an 80 cent dollar. Yeah.
>> Uh and then when it went to $2, we're
like, oh, too rich for our blood. So, um
I do think that I'm trying to really
learn and think about how can I how can
I improve results over the next 20 years
by being more willing to hold? And what
does that mean in terms of position
size? What does it mean in terms of
volatility? What does it mean in terms
of client expectation? Would I feel the
same if a client has $25,000 with us uh
that I would if it was just my own money
because I can absorb a bigger loss and I
can absorb more volatility. So, that's
something I'm still trying to process.
But God, I I love the business and you
know, like my grandfather, if if I could
die at my desk at a very old age, I I am
I I am I I do have the the best job on
earth. I get to study success. I get to
work with people I admire. I go and
visit companies to focus on that elusive
idea of culture. I get to meet uh the
incredible people that have built the
our society, that have built businesses,
and we have a country that loves to tear
down the heroes, you know. So, we admire
the guy on the way up, but once they
succeed, we somehow decide they're a
villain. I don't think that's
constructive. I think it's a strange
thing for us to admire athletes and not
admire Jeff Bezos for what he created
and how it has served all of us every
day. We all use Amazon and it serves us.
You know, every day we delight in seeing
our kids on Instagram or using Google
Maps and you know the idea that we
continue to vilify our heroes instead of
judging people by their biggest
accomplishment, not their weakest
moment. Chris, thank you so much for
being so generous with your time. This
has been absolutely delightful. We have
been speaking with Chris Davis. He is
the chairman and portfolio manager at
Davis Advisors. If you enjoy this
conversation, well, check out any of the
we've done over the past 12 years. You
can find those at iTunes, Spotify,
YouTube, Bloomberg, wherever you get
your favorite podcasts. I would be
remiss if I didn't thank the crack team
that [music] helps put these
conversations together each week. Alexis
Noriega is my video producer. John Russo
is my researcher. Anna Luke is my
podcast producer. I'm Barry Rhulz.
You've been listening to Masters in
Business on Bloomberg Radio.